Okay, so now we are going to learn VPC,
which is the backbone of what we've
been doing so far in this course,
but now we're going to formalize it.
So if you, in thinking of VPC,
have a look at this diagram,
and if this makes sense to you,
if you'd say, oh, I understand everything in this diagram,
then you're good to go.
You can skip the section, right?
But if you don't know this diagram
and I would expect you not to obviously,
don't be afraid.
We're going to go step by step.
We're going to learn all these concepts.
We're going to build a VPC from the ground up.
Now, just note that in this section,
we're going to create a few things
that may cost you some money,
for example, a NAT gateway,
for example, other things.
And so I would suggest that you do the section all at once,
follow along with the hands-on,
but then do it once in one go,
or maybe in two days so that you
don't spend too much money, okay?
This way you can delete all the resources afterwards.
And finally, do not be afraid.
This is a lot I know but we're going to go step-by-step.
It took me a while to understand the VPC and to master it,
I've started, I think the best way possible.
So hopefully I will get up you to speed
on networking and VPC.
Don't worry it's going to be all fine,
and I hope you're super excited.
Now, let's get started and learn about the VPC's in depth.